update readme with information to tune clvk performances (#427)
kpet/clvk: README.md

Copy `OpenCL.dll` into a system location or alongside the application executable
you want to run with clvk.

> ## Tuning clvk performances

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Tuning clvk
```

> clvk can be tuned to improve performances. While we try to have the default

Reviewer: ```suggestion
clvk can be tuned to improve the performance of specific workloads or on specific platforms. While we try to have the default
```

> parameters set at their best values for each platform, they can sometimes be

Reviewer: ```suggestion
parameters set at their best values for each platform, they can be
```

changed for specific applications. One of the best way to know whether something
can be improved is to use traces to understand what should be changed.

### Group size

> clvk implementation is grouping commands waiting for a call to clFlush or any
> blocking calls (clFinish, clWaitForEvents, etc.) to flush group.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
clvk is grouping commands and waiting for a call to `clFlush` or any
blocking calls (`clFinish`, `clWaitForEvents`, etc.) to submit those groups for execution.
```

> clvk has 2 variables to allow to flush group earlier depending on the number of
> commands in the group:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
clvk's default group flushing behaviour can be controlled using the following two variables to flush groups as soon as a given number of commands have been grouped:
```

   - `CLVK_MAX_CMD_GROUP_SIZE`
   - `CLVK_MAX_FIRST_CMD_GROUP_SIZE`

`CLVK_MAX_FIRST_CMD_GROUP_SIZE` is used if there is no group to be process or
being processed in the queue.

> Otherwise `CLVK_MAX_CMD_GROUP_SIZE` is used.

Reviewer: I think I'd remove those three lines. The documentation for the individual variables below covers it.

> `CLVK_MAX_FIRST_CMD_GROUP_SIZE` is used if there is no group to be process or
> being processed in the queue.
> Otherwise `CLVK_MAX_CMD_GROUP_SIZE` is used.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

### Batch size

clvk relies on vulkan to offload workoad to the GPU. As such, it is better to
batch OpenCL commands (translated into vulkan commands) into a vulkan command

> buffer. But doing that may increases the latency to start running commands.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
buffer. But doing that may increase the latency to start running commands.
```

> clvk has 2 variables to manage the maximum size of those batches:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The size of those batches can be controlled using the following two variables:
```

   - `CLVK_MAX_CMD_BATCH_SIZE`
   - `CLVK_MAX_FIRST_CMD_BATCH_SIZE`

> `CLVK_MAX_FIRST_CMD_BATCH_SIZE` is used if there is no batch to be process or
> being processed in the queue.
> Otherwise `CLVK_MAX_CMD_BATCH_SIZE` is used.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

  between applications runs. The user is responsible for ensuring that this
  directory is not used concurrently by more than one application.

> * `CLVK_MAX_CMD_GROUP_SIZE` specifies the maximum number of command in a group.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `CLVK_MAX_CMD_GROUP_SIZE` specifies the maximum number of commands in a group.
```

  When a group reaches this number, it is automatically flushed.

> * `CLVK_MAX_FIRST_CMD_GROUP_SIZE` specifies the maximum number of command in a

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `CLVK_MAX_FIRST_CMD_GROUP_SIZE` specifies the maximum number of commands in a
```

>   group when there is no group to be process or being processed in the queue.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  group when there is no group to be processed or being processed in the queue.
```

> * `CLVK_MAX_CMD_BATCH_SIZE` specifies the maximum number of command per batch.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `CLVK_MAX_CMD_BATCH_SIZE` specifies the maximum number of commands per batch.
```

  When this number is reached, the batch will be added to the current group of

>   command, and a new batch will be created.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  commands, and a new batch will be created.
```

> * `CLVK_MAX_FIRST_CMD_BATCH_SIZE` specifies the maximum number of command per

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `CLVK_MAX_FIRST_CMD_BATCH_SIZE` specifies the maximum number of commands per
```

>   batch when there is no batch to be process or being processed in the queue.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  batch when there is no batch to be processed or being processed in the queue.
```
